9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China show. I'm Ivon Man with Annabelle
Jewelers. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. And
our top stories this morning, we have
Asian stocks falling for a third day.
Korea is very much leading the losses.
Oil as well, Brent crude just coming
online and you're seeing it sort of
steadying somewhat. Investors really
weighing this US plan to ensure escort
tankers as well passing through the
straight of Hormuz. China's foreign
minister urging an immediate ceasefire
in a call with his Israeli counterpart
while questions mount over US objectives
in the war with Iran. Also ahead,
leaders of Wall Street's biggest private
market players warn investors have
reason to worry amid a wave of
withdrawals.
>> And I'm Steven Engel in Beijing, where
China's most important political
gatherings are about to begin later
today. Officials will unveil the 15th
5-year plan, including a goal to spur a
significant increase in consumption.
We were hoping for some sort of relief
rally. We certainly saw that in the US.
Not quite the case when it comes to
Asia. Things seem to be fading,
especially when it comes to risk assets
like equities here this morning. Korea
continues to see a lot of pain here. Oil
markets, as you mentioned, have steadied
in some ways given some of the
assurances that we're getting from
President Trump when it comes to oil and
tanker escorts here through the straight
of Hormuz. But still a lot of risk
involved and on and how this is going to
get implemented as well though.
>> Yeah, I think that our our geconomics
team had a really fascinating analysis
on this this idea that they can
essentially reopen the straight of
Hormuz. There's a lot of different costs
in equipment, resources, commercial
vessels as well. I mean, this is a very
difficult, very challenging task and I
guess oil trade is again still really
trying to assess that because you're
seeing Brent crude very much steady as
we come online this morning.
>> Yeah, you know, there's there are going
to be risks to how it works, how they're
going to be doing this. Obviously, it's
not going to be something that's very
swift and you know, oil flows are going
to resume administrative horm uh anytime
soon. uh because there is still this
risk they say of maybe drones uh in that
waterway there that could be attacking
tankers as well. So um that certainly is
one thing that we're seeing and we're
digesting across these markets, but
right now uh that knee-jerk reaction
still is to sell uh right now and we're
not quite seeing that much dip buying as
of yet. We we continue to watch of
course the market impact and what
President Trump says was he he still
believes that oil prices will drop once
the war with Iran is over. if we have a
little high oil prices for a little
while. Uh but as soon as this ends,
those prices are going to drop, I
believe, lower than even before.
>> Well, let's take a look at the market
reaction to this because as we said, it
really is traders just trying to
understand the nuances of this US plan
to escort vessels through the straight
of Hormuz. Uh you are just seeing again
Brent crew WTI fairly steady this
morning, but we are really seeing the
implications. For instance, Iraq has
started to to cut its its oil production
as well. And this is you're talking
about OPEC's second biggest producer
here. So clearly these ramifications are
wide and you've seen that very notably
in European gas futures as well which
have absolutely surged. So we're leaving
that reaction there. Gold of course is
is one to watch given you're seeing that
flow back into safe havens. But
certainly the dollar is very much uh re
reflecting that as well. We'll get to FX
moves in a moment. Safe to say though
you are just seeing traders that are
very much pulling back. Uh from the
Cosby in particular we've actually seen
it now extending its its fall from its
Feb 26 high to more than 10%. The big
lagards there are the chip players. So
SK highix Samsung of course we talk a
lot about the Cosby 2 essentially but
but you are just seeing that under
pressure. Taiwan just coming online more
than 2% to the downside as I said very
much that story is in FX as well. uh you
have seen the dollar really sort of
reclaiming uh I it it safe haven status
the the sort of ultimate safe haven play
as well uh but but certainly stifling
those debasement trades or debasement
fears we've seen really around around uh
the the the the issues or or whether
we'd actually continue to see it
operating as a safe haven trade but very
much you are just seeing it again uh
moving against its major peers Korean or
Chinese equities rather because of
course we're looking ahead to the open
Very interesting timing for an MPC to be
kicking off when you have all of these
geopolitical concerns and certainly
China trying to to ignite the
consumption story in the country as
well. But we're going to get these
growth targets later Thursday, 5-year
plan at the end of next week.
>> Yeah, the timing of of this MPC is quite
interesting, right? It's weeks away from
a meeting with Trump that President Xi
is going to have and it's in the midst
of this whole Iran situation. So
certainly how they're going to be
boosting or at least talking about
domestic uh issues is going to be a key
thing to watch. especially when it comes
uh to self-sufficiency. Right now, now
that you talk about disruptions in
supplies around the world, that might be
creating a bit more emphasis for China
here this time around. For more on the
Middle East situation, let's bring in
our politics editor, Laura Davidson.
She's with us here right now. So, this
whole plan to help escort and ensure
tankers from the US, to what extent do
you think that really calms some of the
nerves that we're seeing across maybe
oil traders and the like right now?
>> You just have to see markets. There was
sort of an initial reaction and then
things kind of flattened out. What we're
seeing from Washington right now is a
lot of grasping for solutions without a
lot of clarity about how these will
actually come to pass. You know, Trump
mentioned he invoked the uh development
finance corporation which sort of a
quasi agency in the US. They don't do
insurance. This is not something that
they have an off-the-shelf program they
can just sort of get up and start
running. They would need to figure out
the risk. They would need to price
these. They would need to, you know, get
the whole infrastructure of this up and
running. This is something that take
could take weeks or months, you know.
So, that's not a quick fix solution
here. Trump also suggested the US
military could help escort though if
there are drones or other uh sort of
threats in the region. You know, unclear
exactly how willing the US would be able
to commit to that also while waging a
war separately.
>> What I find fascinating as well is is
President Trump's comments around who
could be the next leader and he's saying
it could be someone who's just as bad
essentially. I mean, if the whole idea
isn't around regime change, what
actually is the rationale and and and
his ultimate objective then?
>> This is really unclear. We seem to have
the president really in real time in
public grappling with what the next
steps look like. You know, just two days
ago, he said he had identified three
people he thought would be good uh
leaders of Iran. Then just a couple
hours later says that oops, well
actually all of those are dead, so we
need to come up with other options. Um
and and now saying that he, you know,
kind of at least acknowledging that he
may not get to pick here, that this is
not uh he doesn't get a vote. Uh you
know, this there's a sort of a
three-person committee running the
country right now. Uh you know, Iran
will make that decision. Uh but it there
doesn't seem to be any sort of coherent
strategy and that really that the that
the White House has articulated. We've
heard different things from Vance, from
Rubio, from the president himself, even
dayto-day on, you know, exactly what the
goal is, what the endgame is. You know,
we even heard Trump who really
campaigned and rose to political
prominence saying that he wanted to end
forever wars, saying in the Oval Office
today that this war could be fought
forever if it needed to be.
>> All right, Laura, thanks very much for
joining us. Of course, a lot to unpack
and a lot of threads that we can
continue to digest. But that was our
politics editor, Laura Davidson there.
And let's get more on the markets. Uh
bring in George Fopoulos now. He's
portfolio manager at Fidelity
International. And I think people are
really still coming to terms with with I
guess how longasting and and and the
sort of permanency or or or lack of.
What are you making of of the conflict
so far? Because of course we're well
into you know fourth day now.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Sean, good morning. I
guess we've seen I think what a lot
we've seen when it comes to markets has
been positioning. Now of course a lot of
markets have done very very well um sort
of year to date in the past couple of
years. So we're seeing a bit of you know
positioning sort of lightning but at the
same time I would argue you know depends
on how protracted this ends up being uh
fundamentals underlying fundamentals are
still sort of resilient because if we
look at what's been going on if we
exclude the past few days essentially
you know global growth was in a very
strong footing we've had you know
financial conditions being very very
easy. We've had you know US growth very
strong. We've had fiscal happening
around the world in the US in Germany
one of the biggest fiscal hawks around
the world even in places like Japan and
now most likely kind of we have to wait
to see what happens tomorrow but
potentially sort of also a bit more
fiscal coming from from China. So we
have to wait and see if this gets
protracted or not. I know kind of like
everyone else I mean we've all been
seeing all these historical analysis in
terms of what this could mean. um um and
you know um I'm not a political analyst
and and no one has the crystal ball but
there are some mitigating factors versus
sort of historical parallels. Some of
them are um for instance you know um in
the past um you know um this time around
essentially it's sort of one actor um uh
versus all other actors in the Middle
East. The rest of the actors in the
Middle East actually want the situation
resolved a lot faster. This is something
that's significantly different in the
past. OPEC coming together to
essentially bring more um supply. Again,
sort of um this is sort of a positive a
positive story. US compared to 20 30 40
years ago, US is a net oil exporter.
Vastly different situation versus the
past. And not only that, you could argue
they have a se some semile leverage um
towards sort of what's going on in
Venezuela. In Venezuela, supply again
something that wasn't there in the past.
you know, China, China's been very much
in the news when it comes to, you know,
China is the biggest oil importer in the
world, but they do have um they've been
building up the reserves sort of day by
day, month sort of the past sort of a
year plus, and they have, you know, more
than 200 days of consumption. And also,
if you look at their the energy sort of
um combination in terms of sort of um
what really matters, oil is about 20% of
their energy consumption. um and you
know they rely on coal and they've been
transitioning a lot more towards you
know green energy. I think what what
what an interesting story would have
been had China not done this perhaps
things would have been quite different.
And one last point also on China um
China still has this inflation deflation
issues. You know this would have been a
very different story for China if we
were coming into this at a time when
inflation in China was very very strong.
Um you know inflation in the US is a lot
stronger. Um and we got the midterms
election in the US. So, you know,
there's clearly probably some um we have
to take this in consideration in terms
of um you know, um Trump and and and and
and the policy sort of makers over there
need probably to to have this sort of
resource faster.
>> So, are you are you concerned that the
spike in oil prices could reignite some
sort of inflation concerns because it
seems like it's not just oil prices or
energy, right? You're talking about even
before this Iran conflict, we saw
precious metals have been, you know,
soaring higher. You're talking about
industrial metals that continue to have
done well as well. So is this time a bit
different in terms of the inflationary
shocks that we could get?
>> Um a few answers to to this. Um before
the weekend I would have said that most
likely sort of yields can go up because
global growth is actually in solid
footing and you know governments are
spending fiscal deficits are rising
productivity gains from AI. So one could
argue that actually you know where
yields were they could move you know the
RSTAR etc could have moved a little bit
higher. Clearly now um with with with
with the developments if this ends up
being sustained um the the initial
reaction will be what this what does
this mean for inflation? What does this
mean for inflation expectations?
Typically when you look at US inflation
expectations they move a lot with what
happens in oil. Um so of course we have
seen the reaction when it comes to
treasuries um and across the curve
yields are up whether you look at the US
or whether you look sort of elsewhere
around the world. Um so we are seeing
sort of this inflationary reaction but
having said that um this is more of a
short-term shock for the time being
because a lot of the action in energy
markets is focused on the you know on
spot and the front end if you look at
you know beyond sort of the front end
actually things are still a little bit
more calm and you know I've also seen
comparisons for instance to to 2022 the
Ukraine Russia um conflict right but
back then I would argue again a little
bit different because that was the world
essentially um moving away from a big
energy supplier. Whereas this time
around again the rest of the Middle East
once it's resolved and potentially if
you want a positive spin one could argue
that even if and when this gets resolved
potentially more supply comes back to
market.
>> There are the FX complications though
particularly for Asia we've got major
economies here that are net oil
importers but which ones are most
vulnerable do you think? Um u typically
one would have argued that you know
China is more vulnerable because again
China is the biggest oil importer and a
lot of the what sort of what passes
through the homoo states does go to
China but as I mentioned before for
China China has been very much
diversifying its it its energy sort of
um um resources coal is is is a big
component of what they do and even when
it comes to powering the country it's
mostly driven by coal and it's mostly
driven by um um by by wind and other
sources of energy whereas if I look at
other markets for instance you know um
Southeast Asia for instance perhaps a
bit more vulnerability in in that part
of the market
>> I remember a few weeks ago there was a
story that came out that you guys
actually sold your gold before that big
crash that happened what what do I do
with gold now in the face of all these
geopolitics
>> we sold because just gold had moved very
fast very quickly and we just thought it
was a bit sensible to to just take some
profits we had used that sort of soon
after we had used sort of that
correction to buy back a bit of gold
because the the the long-term sort of
the the mid to long-term structural
theme is still there. You know, why why
has gold been sort of um finding a bid
for the past year despite the correction
we saw yesterday and I think gold is up
today. Gold is still up almost 20% for
the year and and we all know where it's
gone sort of last year. What are the
structural sort of drivers, structural
sort of themes here? Um essentially the
US has been easing in a cyclical
reaceleration. Um US is spending, fiscal
deficits are rising. Um and it's not
just the US again as I mentioned before
Germany is spending Japan is spending
you know most likely sort of China is
going to be do a bit more spending as
well so global deficits are on the rise
fiscal spending is on the rise um and
the other component is just look at what
bonds have done the past 2 three days
>> historically you know one would have
gone to bonds for that sort of risk off
but actually bonds have have sold off um
on a riskadjusted basis probably as
poorly as as as equities and as a result
you know um it's it's it's a it's you
know it's a time when we we focus more
on safe heavens things like gold and
other real assets and and gold fulfills
that um that part of the equation.
>> George, do stay with us because we're
going to have more with you in just a
few minutes. That's George Fesopoulos
there, portfolio manager at Fidelity
International and uh just uh counting
down of course the open of trade.
>> Yeah, we we also got a bunch of PMIs
coming out out of China, too. This is
not just the official gauge, but also
that rating private gauge as well. So,
it it's rare to kind of see them all
coming uh there, but maybe it's because
it's the day before MPC. So, certainly
that's one thing to watch. We talk about
correction territory for eight shares as
well. 690 for dollar China. You're still
seeing that weakness in the currency
given the dollar has had the best
two-day rally in nearly a year given
some of these safe haven flows and the
like. And of course, we still have that
press conference happening uh for the
MPC that CPPCC opening ceremony to watch
out for here as well. Yeah. And some of
the sectors we're watching, we've got
defense, energy, materials among the the
ones that are watching. And just to note
on as we of course mark that we do
actually have a report coming out from
Reuters as well. Interesting because we
have President Trump saying that the
that the US has the stock piles
essentially to fight a protracted
conflict. At the same time there could
be a little bit of urgency in Washington
to shore up weapons stocks. And to that
effort uh Reuters is reporting that the
Trump administration will be meeting
with executives from the biggest US
defense contractors at the White House
this coming Friday.
>> Okay. So there you go. uh more
assurances potentially from the US here
today on how they kind of deal with this
fallout uh when it comes to defense,
when it comes to energy, when it comes
to oil and the like. Uh PMIs are out
here as we talked about. Uh this is what
we're expecting. So we're still it's not
going to be a good print just given that
it was a 9-day uh holiday during the
Lunar New Year though. So we are
expecting a second month of contraction
there when it comes to manufacturing,
non-manufacturing as well. 49.7 is that
estimate. We'll break those numbers to
you at the bottom of this hour. This is
the China show.
taking a look at futures ahead of the
open here about 10 minutes or just over
away. We are looking like we're going to
be really swept up in the mood across
Asian equities today which is risk off
of course for a third straight session.
also tracking uh the the yuan reference
rate. This is an interesting one
actually because we've actually seen the
difference between the actual and the
estimated fixing narrowing over the past
few sessions. So analysts are saying you
know what maybe this just means the PBOC
is actually kind of comfortable with
where the yuan is at right now.
>> I was going to say maybe they're you
know the fact that the dollar is coming
back on the back of these this whole
Iran situation might be something that
they they want right this to really kind
of stem the the appreciation of the
remmbb 692 that's quite weak uh for the
currency right now. But as you see with
futures, I mean, those are some
pronounced moves in terms of the what
could have happened here. Could be, of
course, another catchdown story for
equities here today. Uh, and we're
looking at oil prices as well after
President Trump's plan to provide naval
escorts for shipping in the Persian Gulf
and straight of Hormuz. Now, Washington
also says it may ensure those vessels if
necessary. Let's bring in Steven
Sapchinsky, who heads our energy
coverage in the region. Uh, Stephen,
when you saw a headline like that, I'm
just wondering what went through your
mind.
I I thought, hey, maybe things are going
to get better. Um, but I I think there
there are more questions than answers
right now, right? I I think I think the
the straight of the straight of Hormuz
is clearly a choke point that is in the
you know, that is one of the things that
has helped to push oil and gas prices
higher. Travel through that region or
through that waterway has essentially
halted for both uh oil and gas tankers.
So, you know, do if they get some
guarantees uh great, will they resume
traffic? How do the guarantees work out?
What about insurance rates? Right? The
the US said that they could even help
with insurance. How does that work out?
What are the prices? There are so many
unknowns. There are more unknowns than
no knowns at the moment. And so because
of that, I think you didn't see the big
reaction in oil prices. I woke up from
my bed. I saw that headline. I said,
"Hey, maybe we're going to see a huge
drop in oil or something." But no, the
market didn't react because they need to
see something tangible. So, I think
until you see those ships start to move
again, you're not really going to see
that reaction.
And I guess at the same time a producer
like Iraq for instance has already
started to to curl tail production. So
which one do you think wins out here? An
obvious like the OPEC's second biggest
producer that's reducing its output
versus this assurance from the US and
and where do we go in in the near term?
Do you think
>> you rais a really good point here,
right? The Straight of Hormuz is one
problem and quite frankly, it's one that
could be resolved relatively quickly. If
there's a peace deal, if there are
insuranceances from the US, if if
insurance companies are able to provide
rates that work for the ship owners,
great. Travel travel, you know, resumes
and you're you're getting those ships
through the waterway. The other thing is
the infrastructure. If there is damage
to the infrastructure, even if there is
a peace deal, how long does it take to
repair things? What are the chances that
it could be that it could get hit again
if there is a flare up between the US
and Iran after there's a peace deal?
Right? This isn't over. It's opened up a
Pandora's box. So, I think yes, the
market right now is focused on the
physical barrels and it isn't looking
great. Large refineries um have been
hit, the largest in Saudi Arabia. Iraq
is reducing their their output. You've
got the world's biggest liquefied
natural gas facility offline. The one in
Qatar provides 20% of LNG to the market
and it is offline right now.
Unprecedented all 14 trains. So with all
that in mind, the market is looking that
as well. And and the big question which
I wrote about yesterday in our energy
daily is how long do these outages last
because we're really in uncharted
territories.
>> Yeah, we still don't have the answer to
that. Um, China, the biggest importer of
course of Qatari LG. There there are
analysts out there, Stephen, that say
maybe this sort of what we're seeing
here, the impact could be shortlived
because China has diversified away from
LG, right? They can easily, you know,
switch to hydropower, they can switch to
solar, they can switch to coal, for
example. Um, you know, it does it make
it as a bit of a cushion there at least
that China has alternatives?
Yeah, I think when you look at the array
of Qatari LG buyers, even though Qatar
is the world's biggest buyer of Qatari
LG, um they do have other alternatives
now for for for days or weeks. Sure. Um
you know, we're in we're in a low uh
demand period. LG imports into total LG
imports into K into China uh in February
was the lowest level in years. So their
demand is relatively weak. They can they
can get over this. And quite frankly, in
the near term, with prices spiking in
Europe, I bet they would love to resell
their shipments to customers that are
willing to pay double the price when we
were last week. But if this continues,
you have to remember that China gets 30%
of their LG from Qatar, um replacing
that will have to be a priority at some
point as we get into the the period um
later this year when when they're
restocking their supplies, uh when
summer comes. So, you know, it's again a
question of how long does this outage
last. I think countries that are more
exposed are are maybe in South Asia,
which Bloomberg NEF kind of highlighted.
We're talking India. India's already
reducing gas supplies to industries.
Pakistan buys 99% of their LG from
Qatar. Bangladesh as well needs it for
fertilizer. So, those are the ones to
watch, I think.
>> Steve, great to have you with us this
morning. That was Steven Sapchinsky
there who leads our Asia energy coverage
rather joining us from Singapore. Quick
check of markets as we go to break. Uh
we are certainly seeing a big riskoff
session continuing to to develop here.
We've got the broader Asian gauge of 3%.
Cosby is leading the losses, but of
course mainland Chinese markets also
looking to get swept up in the mood.
More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning. counting down to the
open of markets and it is very much risk
off across the board. I I think really
if there's one one market that's taking
the brunt, it's the Cosby. You're
already in in technical correction off
more than 10% since the high back in
February of this year. But but really
very broad-based selling we're seeing in
the session. you're starting to see that
Asia is a bit more vulnerable to some of
these headlines than maybe the US in
some ways given maybe there was you know
the beneficiary of this whole AI trade
which now is also in in some ways in
question as well because you think about
some of these AI growth technologies
they do need cheap energy they do need
uh that sort of uh all those materials
to really kind of fund uh their their
technology so is that some in some ways
a growth sort of impact as well uh what
does it mean for AI investment moving
forward if we see if a prolonged sort of
conflict and energy prices continue to
stay elevated. Uh but right now we're
still talking about you know the the
whole prospect of you know oil tanker
escorts and the like that has in some
ways just a little bit eased off right
we were briefly hitting $85 for Brent.
We've come off that just slightly but
we're still seeing uh their Shanghai
crude is still looking pretty strong.
We're still up some close to 14% uh for
futures in Shanghai. Uh you are see
copper actually come off as well. So uh
you know the potential hit to inflation,
the hit to growth certainly is uh one
thing to watch out for. You are seeing
most of these large caps are selling. CL
is down to 1% uh right now and Shanghai
Composite we are just hitting that 4,000
psychological level once again. So there
you go. We're watching very closely uh
whether onshore is that place to park
your money. You know when you take a
look at what mainland investors have
been doing even in the ETF market, there
was a great story that came out in
February that they were still buying up
a lot of the some of these Hong Kong uh
ETFs. Um and and maybe you know when it
comes to the southbound flows maybe
things are looking a little bit better
than maybe just from a week ago. You
have your PMI numbers coming through
here. Oh, and it seems like for now the
official numbers is a miss. 49 for
manufacturing PMI and that is come
coming off of a slower uh than what we
saw the previous month. 49.3
non-manufacturing also 49.5. Also a miss
there, Bill.
>> Yeah, exactly. I I do think there's sort
of the seasonality factor of course
because February had the lunar new year
holiday was the a very long one at 9
days uh but but you have seen that
contraction now for for a second
straight month will be interesting of
course because we get the the the
private survey coming out in about 15
minutes from now. So do you sort of see
a divergence? Uh also some some
headlines crossing around uh the CIA
station in Saudi Arabia but does seem at
least in the Wall Street Journal they're
saying that it's been hit in an Iranian
drone strike. no casualties at that
site. Uh what the Wall Street Journal
again is is is reporting this morning.
>> So, you know, the crossfire that we're
seeing in the Middle East that still is
something that is keeping investors in
some ways spooked. Um as as you talked
about that uh no CIA personnel wounded
in this Iranian drone strike according
to the Wall Street Journal. But you take
a look when it comes to the Hang Sang,
right? We're seeing those Hong Kong
markets still continue to see some
pronounced selling here. We're down some
2%. Um it seems like there's still a lot
of you know falling knives out there
when it comes to uh equity side of
things and and and really how long these
disruptions are going to occur. Um but
yes we we're not seeing the relief rally
in some ways uh that we saw in the US
here right now. Uh dollar China is on
the weaker side. We're at 693 levels
here right now. The tech space is
falling substantially here. Take a look
at Alibaba. We're down some 3%. Mtoan's
also down close to 3%. Xiaomi is a
standout there. Although Jeffre just
came out with an analyst note also
talking about the the margin pressures
when it came to memory and and the like
certainly is something that they're
flagging as well HSBC as well. So the
banks obviously there is the the
exposure you know what you know whether
it's the Middle East exposure whether is
the the the thought of maybe that
central banks now might not be able to
be able to cut rates uh that certainly
is impacting the financials here. So
we're down to 4% losses when it comes to
HSBC property also in Hong Kong down
some 3%. Yeah. All right. Let's uh get
to as well what is the big story in
China because it is the most important
political gathering of the year. It
begins today. Officials are set to
unveil their blueprint for growth
through the end of the decade. Let's
bring in our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Engel, who joins
us now from Beijing. And and Steve, talk
us through the agenda. What exactly are
we expecting to hear today and and also
tomorrow, of course.
>> Yeah. So, it's a highly choreographed
affair. The National People's Congress,
which begins tomorrow morning, this
afternoon over at the Great Hall of the
People is going to be the CPPCC. It's a
mouthful. Yes. It's the advisory body,
larger advisory body to the NPC. They
start their gathering a day earlier.
Then tomorrow morning from the premier,
Lee Chong is going to give his annual
work report. Uh we're expecting a a less
rigid growth target uh for 2026. Last
year it was around 5% and despite the
Trump tariffs, they did hit that number.
Uh we're hearing though that the the
target could be sort of a range instead
of a round if that makes any sense. What
that gives the policy makers is more
flexibility. So if they have a range of
between 4 and a half and 5% uh they can
hit that anywhere between uh those uh
brackets uh and gives them flexibility.
We're also going to get, of course, the
budget deficit number. It's is it's
expected not to increase. Uh it should
be around that record high of around 4%.
There's less urgency right now to
stimulate the economy. The biggest
urgency uh not only in this year's
targets, but in the next 5-year plan,
which is also being ratified or codified
by the National People's Congress, which
will run through 2030, and that is boost
domestic consumption. Xiinping is
already out with two different speeches
since December saying a boosting a
significant boost to domestic
consumption is going to be the main
priority in the next 5-year plan which
will be formalized again over the next
week or so. Lots of uncertainty though
uh geopolitically given the situation in
Iran right now which throws kind of um
more uncertainty with what the messaging
is going to be. I said the NPC is a
highly choreographed affair, but this is
really the one time that we get to
really get a sense of how the Chinese
top leadership is thinking. There's
going to be a press conference likely
over this coming weekend with the
foreign minister Wangi. He's been pretty
outspoken about what's happened in
Thran. And we're also going to get
another press conference with the five
main economic leaders. So, we're talking
the central bank governor, the ministry
of finance, the finance ministry, the
commerce minister, uh the NDRC, uh and
and others. So, it it's going to be a
pretty busy week.
>> Uh Steve, you mentioned about the the
the the external picture is looking
quite interesting and a bit more
complicated, right? We're hearing some
reports that the trade chiefs from both
sides, the US and China are still
looking to meet uh in a few weeks or so.
Does that still lay the groundwork that
you know President Trump and she are
going to meet in a few weeks as well?
>> Yeah, I think they need to kind of come
up with the deliverables and I think
what's happened obviously over this last
weekend in Iran has sort of changed the
dynamic of this summit coming up if
indeed it happens at all. Um, I think
there should be some questions about
whether Xiinping will still invite
Donald Trump given uh how close Iran and
China are. And again, so we're we're
hearing from sources that the main trade
negotiators, so we're talking about
Kifung on the Chinese side and then
Jameson Greer and Scott Bessant will be
meeting next week perhaps in Paris to
have sort of a final dash, a final round
of talks to find the deliverables
because the Chinese want to have a
choreographed state visit of Donald
Trump. They want to be able to announce
something uh that suits their needs. Uh
the Trump administration wants the same
thing too. But again, the Iran situation
has thrown up a lot of question marks
about uh geopolitical situation going
forward. In fact, of course, Wangi, the
foreign minister has been talking a lot
about the straits of Hormuz. You know,
we all know that Iran sent about 80
upwards of 90% depending on the month of
its oil exports to China. uh and also in
December about half of China's oil
imports for December went through the
straight of Hormuz and Wangi has been
talking about uh you know making sure
that th those shipments are going to be
um safeguarded.
>> Steve, thank you. Stephen Angel there,
our chief Malaysia correspondent joining
us out of Beijing here this morning.
Still with us is George Estafopolis,
portfolio manager at Fidelity
International. In terms of your wish
list for NBC, is there anything that
you're looking out for?
uh the wish list is a rebalance of the
economy more towards sort of um you know
domestic consumption. It's something
that we have been hearing from from
leadership from the Chinese policy
makers and when they talk um I tend you
know we tend I tend to listen um it
might not be happening at a speed that
investors would typically like to but I
think you know it will be happening sort
of gradually and you know as kind of
discussed already you know um China has
two key growth engines one has been
going going in overdrive the other one
has been underperforming you know of
course one is the export market the
other one is is the domestic sort of
consumption the export market the big
story of 2025 5 of last year was the
resilience of the export market that
potentially sort of shift a lot of the
dynamics when it comes to um how the
rest of the world sort of views China.
So for me that resilience has been quite
important and more recently um if
anything with the Supreme Court ruling
if anything um tariffs for Chinese goods
have actually come down. So that's
another boost for the exports but China
still needs to rebalance its economy if
if it wants to sustainably um
essentially um bring the economy out of
deflation this inflationary pressures.
And not only that, um I think another
kind of interesting dimension here is
that China holds the fiscal keys not
only to rebalance its own economy, but
at a time when perhaps the US has become
somewhat of a less reliable trading
partner.
>> You know, they can come in, you know,
why does the world look always to the
US? They look at the US because US is
has the biggest, you know, consumption
story where, you know, consumption,
global consumption, US consumption is,
you know, is is the biggest number in
the world. China undershoots on that
front and if they were to do that that
also helps with the remimi which is
another story that we've heard Chinese
policy makers sort of talking up
domestic consumption stronger yuan if we
see more fiscal stimulus happening in
that sense we could put you know two
birds with one stone
>> are you concerned though about the the
health of the consumer I'm talking
globally here for for this year at all
>> um again before the weekend news a lot
less so if anything I would have said
sort of um quite strong because again
we're seeing fiscal stimulus happening
everywhere. We're seeing kind of in the
US we've seen sort of cuts, interest
rate cuts at a time when the the rest of
the economy is seeing a cyclical
acceleration. We're seeing the the one
big beautiful bill which is essentially
a tax cut for US consumers. We're seeing
fiscal in Japan. We're seeing fiscal in
Germany. So I would have said that the
consumer the global consumer is actually
on on a strong footing. We have to see
how the developments of the past few
days changes that from an an inflation
energy tax perspective. So we don't we
have to wait and see how how that looks.
But broadly speaking before that I would
have said sort of you global consumption
looks strong and if China also helps on
that front I would say even more so.
>> Um what what what looks safe to you now
I I'm just wondering you know up until
now Asia seem to be more resilient given
the AI story. Um I mean HStech have
obviously there's been a lot of concerns
about software and the like but now that
things are kind of fleshing out a bit.
Korea is selling off quite massively. I
mean are there opportunities that are
opening up for you now George? Um so you
know you guys mentioned earlier Asia is
starting to look a bit more vulnerable
but I would bring this back to its
positioning it's not fundamentals cuz
you know why am I saying positioning you
know um you know US equity market year
to date is down driven by mostly sort of
soft software stocks to most surprise
most people surprised software stocks
have been up the past two days so to me
that's about positioning because they've
been very heavily sold off and of course
we've seen Korea and other markets sort
of um corrected quite meaningfully but
let's not forget you know Korea dis you
know past the the past couple of days
we've seen the correction is still up
you know 40 plus% and versus last year
again you know the biggest the best
performing market so I'd say this is a
positioning sort of situation and if we
look you know follow the money you know
one of our sort of big themes on is
follow the kind the AI cap expend which
is coming from the US into Taiwan and
into Korea follow the money um the
demand supply dynamics are looking very
very attractive and if anything also
when you look at Korea and other places
in Asia we're seeing more corporate
reforms we're seeing more buybacks we
seeing higher dividend payouts.
Ironically, um the US has been the
strong market in recent years about
buybacks. You know, that's where we've
seen, you know, a big chunk of sort of
free cash flow going into buybacks.
That's now coming down. It used to be
45% 3 years ago. It's now 15% last year
and coming down further now about 90% of
free cash flow is going to to capex.
Where is that capex going? That capex is
all going to Korea to Taiwan. So, the
fundamentals are still very very strong.
Um so yeah from from that perspective
it's a positioning situation less so
fundamentals. Could the fundamentals
change? Of course if recession happens
that's a different story but for the
time being US has been more resilient
and US is a net oil exporter. So I don't
expect that to meaningfully change this
the year situation which means
fundamentals for Korea and Taiwan
remains um attractive and this
potentially could be a buying
opportunity. But again Korea is still up
45% year to date. Yeah, it's a very
interesting sort of strategy that's
evolved of of software stocks up but but
AI trade down and then the the counter.
It's it's it's an interesting dynamic in
the markets right now. George, thanks
very much for joining us. That was
George F. Sithopoulos there, portfolio
manager at Fidelity International. Just
need to also clarify uh that that
reporting we had from the Wall Street
Journal. That is an Iranian drone strike
hitting a CIA station Monday at the US
embassy in Riyad in Saudi Arabia. Again,
according to their sources there, but
that strike, not a new one. one that
took place earlier this week.
>> All right, we have plenty more coming up
when it comes to the Iran situation and
check markets coming up over this break.
After this break, this is Bloomberg.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wangi is
calling on Israel to pursue an immediate
ceasefire in Iran. He spoke with his
Israeli counterpart on Tuesday and said
Beijing will play a constructive role in
easing regional tensions. Wong also
urged Israel to take steps to ensure the
safety of Chinese citizens and entities.
Our next guest says that China is
concerned about energy supply
disruptions caused by rising oil prices.
is joining us now from Shanghai is Jang
Chu Chu, deputy director of Center for
Middle Eastern Studies at Foudan
University. Chuchu Chu, it's great to
have you. Um, everyone's been kind of
talking about the role that China may
have in this sort of Iran conflict. What
do you see what Beijing could do?
>> Right. Actually, I would say China is
deeply shocked by the trampling of
international law and rules and the
disregard for humanitarian disaster. And
moreover currently we can see that there
is the spillover effect of this conflict
because the re there is recent attack on
Lebanon and that indicates that the geog
um graphical scope of the conflict is um
expanding at the moment which will have
a huge impact on the economy and
people's livelihoods in the Middle East
in general. So I think um of course um
China uh would very much hoped that this
conflict uh will be deescalated but I
think it's not just China but the entire
international community uh would uh like
to see a deescalation of the conflict as
soon as possible and that peace and
stability can be restored to the region.
What is China's ability though do you
think to to project any sort of
influence in the region? We saw of
course that it really didn't have very
much sway at all with the US capture of
of Nicholas Maduro in Venezuela. It
seems like a similar situation somewhat
with what's happening today again in in
the Middle East.
>> Right. I think a very important
assumption u when people are saying so
is because they think that um China is
an ally of somebody but actually um
according to China's foreign policy,
China hosts a nonaligned policy. So it
means that China it does not have any
military um ally and actually in the
Middle East China has consistently
adhered to a neutral stance in the
Middle East and currently we can see
that um right now it's already um so the
war has a spillover effect and it has
already affected many countries in the
region and as for China it always tries
to adopt a balanced um position and try
to adhere to a neutral stance in order
to maintain good relations. s um with
all of the Middle Eastern countries and
we are I think what we are currently
witnessing um is a conflict between the
United States and Iran. So um those
countries I mean the United States,
Israel and Iran the negotiations are the
most important things. Uh as for the
international community, I think um
China is a member of it and of course
right now the most important thing is to
reduce the humanitarian crisis
uh and also to um to to provide uh more
of the platforms for different sides to
negotiate with each other.
>> So Chu, does this in some way how do you
think it's going to change or impact the
the meeting between presidents Trump and
she in just a few weeks? You know, the
US has used the threatened use of force
to really take down leaders like Maduro,
uh, like the Supreme Leader of Iran,
which are have the nations that have
been friendly to China. To what extent
do you think that sort of level of
welcome that President Xi is going to
have with Trump, is that going to be
somewhat fading or at least limited now?
>> Okay, so I think uh there are several
very important points. First of all,
when we talk about friendly countries, I
would say a lot of countries are
friendly to China. Um, not just
Venezuela and Iran, but many of them,
especially after China uh proposed the
Belton Road initiative in 2013. So there
are a lot of like friendly countries to
China and at the same time I don't think
that what is going what is happening at
the moment in Iran uh will deeply affect
the relations between China and United
States because I would say the
relationship between China and the
United States is structural right that
is primarily depend on the interactions
between these two big powers rather than
what is going on uh in the other
aspects. So I believe that um of course
this um impacted um you know there are
in uh impacts u on China's economy if
you talk about uh what is going on uh
with regard to oil price with regard to
the shipping but regarding China US
relations I think it depend on more on
how these two powers interact with each
other and so far um I have not received
any message or like news saying that uh
this is going to affect uh Donald
Trump's visit to China.
>> Is there any upside for China here? Do
you think if the conflict does become
more protracted in as much as that it uh
continues to distract the US and its
efforts from its so-called pivot to the
east militarily,
>> right? That is a very important point.
For instance, people were saying that
okay, right now um if we look at the new
um security strategy of the United
States, a lot of people are arguing that
United States uh it seemed okay, so
after um it invests after it pours a lot
of uh resources in the Middle East and
then in the next step uh it is going to
focus more on the Asia-Pacific region.
But uh from my own perspective and based
on my own observation, I would say the
United States uh first of all it has
never relaxed its involvement in the
Asia-Pacific region and Donald Trump has
its own uh goals and strategy. So I
don't think okay right now it means that
okay if he reduces his resources in the
Middle East will lead to increased
resources being poured into the
Asia-Pacific region. In fact, I would
say the United States is currently
seeking to maintain its own global
hedgemony at a low cost while
simultaneously strengthening its
presence in both the Asia-Pacific and
the Middle East. Uh at the same time, so
he is very ambitious and he wants to
maintain his own hedgemony in both
places. Uh but at the same time, he also
does not want to bear big cost for that.
So what is he going to do? Right now we
can see that the United States is trying
to get its allies from Europe. uh uh
etc. around the world to share this
cost.
>> Don Chuchu, we're going to leave it
there. Deputy director of Center for
Middle Eastern Studies at Fudon
University. Thanks for the time. I just
want to recap some of those numbers that
came through here when it comes to the
private gauge of these PMI numbers. So,
rating dog PMI manufacturing 52.1
actually a surprise to the upside here
and and really kind of beating estimates
uh we expecting for around a 50.2 sort
of print. So, 52.1 is quite strong.
services uh even stronger 56.7
as well. So that also beat expectations
in the median estimates there. So
certainly the the private gauge showing
a very different sort of look to to the
official numbers there. Uh perhaps we'll
see how that fares given you know the
lunar new year. There was a lot of in
terms of tourism and the like here.
Maybe that's what is driving a lot of
these sort of uh numbers as well here.
But yes, better numbers in the private
gauge. This is Bloomberg.
Taking a look at markets this morning.
We are risk off in the session today.
Unsurprising of course cuz you got Asian
equities very much in the red. But some
interesting PMI readings out just in the
last few minutes and showing a
divergence. The official survey still in
contractionary territory. Private one a
lot more positive. More ahead.
Welcome back to the chart show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. Just a half hour
into the session here this morning. And
yes, we are counting down to the MPC,
right? Um, so we're hoping maybe there's
something there during these two
sessions that could help these markets
because certainly we continue to see uh
the selloff continue for a third day
here in the Asia Pacific. CSI 300 really
kind of joining the frey relatively
speaking not doing as bad as what we're
seeing in Korea. Look at Cosby. We're
down another 6% today, Bill. Yeah, these
are huge draw downs that you're seeing
for the Cosby. Of course, you're still
up I think around 30% year to date.
though do need to keep it in perspective
but but really seeing that tech story
taking the brunt of this Taiwan as well
the topics very much under pressure but
those tech heavy indexes it is also that
story around oil that we continue to
track we have seen oil steadying
somewhat but but the big sort of thing
that traders are grappling with is
essentially this US escort plan for the
Humu straight and and we were talking
with Steven Sachinsky who leads our
energy coverage in the last hour and he
was thinking initially this could be a
big boon and you might have seen prices
really pull back. But I think just that
flatness you see the flatness rather you
see there just underscores how difficult
this plan would be to implement as well.
Uh FX it really is one of the big
stories and you're seeing a lot of
carnage really across Asian FX this
week. I think one of the worst weeks
we've had in years so far. uh but but
certainly continuing to monitor that
story around King dollar that haven
trade and the rally as well we've seen
but but of course bonds as well just to
know uh the moves we're seeing there
secondary to what we're seeing in FX but
still we actually still have seen
treasuries uh declining again because
traders are rethinking their bets around
the Fed path for this year.
>> Yeah, certainly do they have the room to
actually cut rates this year if we in
fact see the the the the inflationary
impact from an oil price shock, right?
And if this sustains further, is it does
it make it even more complicated for the
Fed here? Uh, and when we talk about
what could happen, we heard from the
likes of Minneapolis Fed President Neil
Qashqari who told the Bloomberg Invest
event that the attacks on Iran make him
feel less certain about rate cuts this
year.
>> Now, with the geopolitical events that
we talked about, uh, you know, I just
need to see. We need to get a lot more
data in. Right now, it's just too soon
to know what imprint this has on
inflation and for how long.
Let's get more on inflation fears and
how that's affecting the outlook for
monetary policy with our chief ex FX
rather and rates correspondent Ruth
Carson. Also joining us is regional
stocks head for their third day of loss
is Asia Asia equities managing editor
Leanting too. But Ruth we can get
started with you because as we said that
story it's very much around what we're
seeing in terms of the dollar. What are
you tracking so far?
If there is two, if there are two words
to describe markets right now in this
instant, it's risk off. If it's risk
off, what do you buy? And there is
nothing that comes close to the King
dollar. We're seeing it across virtually
every pair out there. Um, you know, in
terms of that haven bit, that real
soulsearching going on as to what to you
buy in times of uh stress as we're
seeing. So absolutely the dollar has
been having um a fantastic time this
week uh against every pair out there
virtually. We saw the Korean one for
example getting really hammered
overnight and this is just set to
continue. All the traders I'm speaking
with, all the asset managers that I'm
speaking with are just continuing to ask
that question. When will this stop? What
do we buy for safety?
>> Yeah, Dante, maybe chime in here on the
the equity impact from this dollar
strength. Is that is that why we're
seeing more pronounced selling selling
today? You know, there there's still a
lot of people saying, you know, there is
still an opportunity to dip by, but
we're not quite seeing that in Asia just
yet.
>> Yeah, definitely. On the other side of
the dollar strength is Asia equities are
getting under a lot of a lot more
pressure. dollar has been streng
strengthening for a third day and today
we're seeing continued indiscriminate
selling across a number of North Asia
countries uh or markets including Korea,
Taiwan and Japan especially in the large
cap space. The two big memory chip
makers in Korea and a few big names uh
in Japan and Korea are getting
liquidated. I think people are just
really taking some profit or chip off
the table from these uh astonishing
winners that we saw uh year to date in
the so-called AI uh pick pick and shovel
trade which has put uh Asia not long ago
uh at a record outperformance versus S&P
500. So, it's natural that some chips
are taken off the table. And if you look
at some numbers, investors, foreign
investors have taken about $3 billion uh
worth of equities uh out of Korea this
uh week to date. And in Taiwan, we're
seeing outflows of about $3.6 billion.
Indeed, some people are saying this
could actually be a good buying
opportunity at a lower valuation just
because the AI uh beneficiary trade the
fundamental is very much intact and this
again is very technical type of selling
that we're seeing in the market.
>> Yeah. And Ruth, I think that that read
across from the Korea story is very
evident in the wand because when you see
foreigners in particular fleeing the
Cosby, it does bring the Korean one
under pressure and and that's been
evidenced by the drop.
Yeah, it was a pretty epic plunge if I
can use those terms just to put things
into perspective. The one not only blew
past the 1500 level which is closely
watched u by officials as well as
traders everywhere. We are looking at
global financial crisis levels for the
one this at a time when as we know the
Cosby has done well this year albeit uh
this week it's a U-turn a lot of its
fortunes now do people see more weakness
ahead for the one absolutely if we look
at option trading for example in the
currency space there's about a 35 36%
chance that people are asserting that
the one would likely trade around 1550
per dollar um that's by the end of June.
So, the pain isn't going away anytime
soon. Remember, the one is incredibly
resensitive. People do care and use it
as a bit of a risk proxy in Asia as soon
as you know, bang, the the bell starts
ringing for trading. So, definitely
something to keep a very close eye on
for not just risk sentiment, but as a
bit of a bell weather for appetite for
emerging market currencies here.
>> Ruth, the dollar yen's at 157. We're not
seeing those sort of safe haven flows uh
into this currency. Where does this
leave the yen? Now
>> the yen can't seem to catch a break
seems to be the theme when I speak with
a lot of investors in the market here.
You would think that the yen would rally
from a haven bit, but on the contrary,
no. Now, it's important to remember that
Japan imports, I believe, about 90 odd
percent of their crude of energy from
the Middle East. So, they're hit hard
here by all this uncertainty. And do you
really want to be buying a currency that
has exposed large risks to the Middle
East conflict? Probably not. So no, the
yen is not exactly behaving like a
haven. Uh in fact quite the opposite.
People are indeed using it to fund some
carry trades even at the moment. And is
this set to continue? Probably. Does it
also bolster the risk of potential
intervention from authorities if the yen
weakens further? Absolutely. That is
also being debated in markets right now.
Lean Ting, I think it's a really I mean,
you could probably say every MPC or
every five-year plan is a high stakes
moment for for China and the outlook for
markets, but this one of course seems
unusually high stakes when you've got,
of course, these tensions in the Middle
East or the protracted conflict that's
developing there, plus President Trump
and Xi meeting in a few weeks time. So,
how do you see the trading action for
China in particular?
>> Yeah, right now I think it's just across
the board risk off. I think a lot of
people are just very much focused on
this Iran tension and within the China
onshore space you see a lot of rotation
going from all those high-flying chip
names to um the shipping names energy
names. So that is sort of the frenzy
that of trading we're seeing right now.
Yesterday I think trading turnover in
equities hit another sort of three
trillion yan mark and uh and we see a 5%
draw down in the star 50 which very much
was focused on these AI optical names
chip names. So yeah, there's just
basically a lot of uh sort of risk off
and flight to safety and safety right
now to million investors is just really
shipping and oil names.
>> All right, focusing on the of course uh
the energy space there. Thank you so
much Lanting to our Asia Equities
Managing Editor. Also our thanks to our
chief Asia FX and rates correspondent
Ruth Carson. Both joining us out of
Singapore this morning. Still ahead,
we're live on the ground in Beijing as
China's key political meeting of the
year get underway. More on what
investors should be watching out for
next. This is Bloomberg.
All right. Um Korea continue to see a
bit of a sell-off here uh and really
extending it and and we've actually
entered into a technical correction uh
in just three sessions and really what's
been driving that is of course some of
those big heavy weights right SKH
highinex Samsung is down another 2% but
look at that Cosby gauge we are down
another 7 12% here today so you know the
key beneficiaries of this whole AI boom
they seem to be the most vulnerable here
this morning amidst kind of surging oil
prices and really the Iran war that's
really threatening the outlook when it
comes comes to importers like Korea as
well. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. Uh does you know it really kind
of changes the playbook quite a bit
here, Bill.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And as you said that
that Korean one story very much sort of
also bearing the brunt of this amount of
selling because foreigners are really
leaving the market there. But let's also
shift now uh because what else is taking
place today is China's most important
political gathering of the year that
kicks off. Officials are set to unveil
their blueprint for growth through 20
2030. Uh policy makers are under
pressure to boost domestic demand and
reinforce confidence. Our chief North
Asia correspondent Steven Angel has this
report from Beijing.
>> Uncertainty once again dogs the outlook
for Chinese leaders as they head into
the annual session of parliament. Sure,
by many metrics, China weathered the
tariff barrage from the United States,
achieving its annual growth target last
year and finding leverage with rare
earths and its own domestic AI
development. But the Iran situation has
thrown the geopolitical outlook into
disarray as the US has for a second time
after Venezuela taken out the leadership
of a Chinese ally.
>> This is going to have a huge impact.
It's opened the Pandora's box for
whatever we're going to see in the in
the future because uh all the countries
are are fear of of this unilateral
approach.
>> Chinese Foreign Minister Wong E calls
the attack on Iran unacceptable and it's
no doubt alarming to the Chinese
military as well, which awaits word of
its annual defense budget Thursday here
at the National People's Congress amid
an unprecedented purge of top generals.
Now, it's a distraction as well when the
task at hand here is really rebalancing
and shoring up the domestic economy and
further tariff proofing it by boosting
domestic demand ahead of Trump's highly
anticipated or at least planned trip to
Beijing at the end of March. American
Manny Mendez has been doing business in
China since US diplomatic ties with the
PRC were established in 1979.
>> President Trump is very transactional.
So I think he will come uh looking for
deals. I think there could be a large
Boeing order. I think there'll be
increase in in purchase of a products
for example. China wants predictability
and stability. Uh but both countries
want a a stable economy. I'm expecting
some really big things. We remain
constructive on China because of like AI
adoption and also it's across different
sectors not just aantic AI but into like
um physical AI as well like robotics and
then also like semiconductors as well.
We will need to continue to see the
policy support from the MPC whether they
will be uh leaning towards uh
rebalancing and whether they'll be uh
prompting for like higher quality growth
and a focus on tech.
>> It has to stimulate the economy. The
economy is clearly slowed. We have yet
to see, you know, the first robin of
spring uh emerge from any of the
stimulus that's been announced so far. I
think it'll really be closer to May,
June before we get a clear pickup in in
growth, but it will be there.
>> The premier's growth target Thursday
will give a good indication whether or
not Beijing shares that optimism. Steven
Angel, Bloomberg, News, Beijing.
Well, Eurasia Group expects Beijing to
stick with a GDP growth target for this
year of about 5%. Joining us now is
their China director, Dan Wong. Uh,
joining us out of Singapore. Dan, it
it's good to have you. You know, most we
talked to a lot of economists and your
peers uh of yours that that that say
maybe we might see that softer target of
a range of 4 and a half to 5%. You're
you're still kind of sticking to around
that 5% target. Why? And and really how
how achievable is that for next year?
I would be majorly concerned if the GDP
target is set anything below 5%. Just by
looking at all those infrastructure
projects listed by NDRC on the
provincial level, China can achieve the
5% if if not more. And judging by what's
going on last year, export was
systematically underestimated by the
market. And this year with this fiscal
expansion of a lot of western economies
and military buildup uh there is also a
chance that export might overshoot. So I
don't think there's a problem reaching
the 5%.
>> Do you see any sort of rebalancing
though and and and what is your outlook
around that? Of course last year exports
was really what led the Chinese economy.
Consumers still weak. Is that calculus
still the same for 2026 do you think?
The calculus would not only be the same
for 2026 but all the way through 2030.
The economic rebalancing is not
happening towards consumption. Uh there
will be more infrastructure and domestic
stimulus targeting construction not for
consumers. So what the market has been
anticipating is a bigger boost for
consumer market. The only thing that I
see more fiscal allocation is happening
is actually to boost fertility. So this
is a uh national security issue as
elevated by President Xiinping from
three years ago. So demographic decline
will attract more direct consumer
subsidies not other areas. There won't
be a mass scale of cash transfer to
Chinese families.
Some some economists have said you know
this is the opportunity though to boost
social spending for example. Why do you
think that's so you know not the or you
know why are you still hesitant to think
that that that could happen? Is it is it
something that's structural? Is it a
cyclical sort of sort of trend and that
you're seeing?
The intention is certainly there and the
government has been stressing how
important it is to provide full coverage
for low-skill workers especially but
there's a problem of resource allocation
there's only so much resources on shore
and with this kind of commitment of
building up the modern industrial chain
and also pursuing the high-tech uh the
AI industry will absorb a lot of the new
resources freed up from the fiscal
revenue and then the robotic industry,
the drone industry, just lining up all
those capital commitment, there is no
chance that there even can be anything
left over for mass boost for consumers.
>> We have the next 5-year plan coming out
as well, likely toward the end of next
week. What are your expectations around
that? And do you think the timing of the
meeting between presidents Trump and she
that's of course still being planned but
but the timing of that meeting do you
see it constraining the uh the the
ambitions of China at all given that
they might want to be looking to appease
Washington as well.
>> Uh this will be a very interesting
summit because I cannot see what the US
can possibly offer. Um both US and China
seem to move beyond the tariffs. I have
no doubt that President Trump will once
again think of new ways 301
investigations 338 sections the tariff
will be higher than just 15%. But for
China the most pressing issue is
actually more related with regional
security with financial security and
also the investment access to the US
market. So unless they can reach some
bigger deal regarding China's investment
in the US that's not really scrutinized
the level that it's now it's being
subject to now or um there can be some
sort of tech export relaxation. I just
don't see uh what kind of deal they can
actually reach. But China's 15year plan
will stay intact. Uh China is very
long-term very calculated. It's
president style. He's not opportunistic
in this way.
U you mentioned the the five year I
obviously there's been a a big pivot or
or shift towards self-sufficiency
you know in key technologies
uh high-end manufacturing the like. What
does that roadmap look like to you in
terms of what we could hear in in this
uh in the two sessions here? Whether
it's state funding, are we likely to get
any clues on that or maybe even
incentives uh in in some of these
industries?
>> Uh those industries are already getting
the top level of policy commitment
including Chinese stock market. It is
not a vehicle for Chinese households to
make money. It's actually a financing
vehicle for the high-tech sector. And
when we think about what's happening in
the stock exchange of Beijing and uh the
star market in Shanghai, that's exactly
the case. Um but for the Chinese
government, it is also for the first
time in the five-year plan history that
they want to lead in a number of the
fields. They always talk about catching
up with the West in technology. This is
actually the first time they're going to
lead. And those future industries listed
include uh the nuclear fusion, the 6G
generation of telecommunication devices
and then the drones uh the robotics. So
they will get massive uh fiscal
commitment from the government. But the
problem now is the private funding is
lacking. 90% of VC and Chinese market is
still uh associated with the state and
that kind of reduced the efficiency of
the use of the funds.
Dan, great to have you this morning.
That's Dan Wong, the China director at
Eurasia Group. And just as we've been
discussing, continuing to monitor really
all of this trading activity this
morning. But the Cosby is taking the
brunt of the selloff in Asia today and
we actually do have a trading halt now
in effect both for the Cosby index uh
the sub index rather the CODAC as well.
But it's really uh Samsung SKH Highix
again that are leading that selloff. But
this is a circuit breaker in place uh
for 20 minutes. More ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
All right. Uh, we'll bring you updown on
Korea coming up here. We're in the
middle of a trading halt there in the
Cosby Cause here this morning. But let's
talk a little more about private credit.
Apollo Global Management CEO Mark Rowan
says a shakeout is coming for private
credit firms as concerns mount over
defaults on loans to software companies.
Now Rowan told the Bloomberg Invest
event the impact will not be short-term
emphasizing the importance of strong
risk management.
>> The entirety of the companies that you
see that are public today, everyone was
40 billion in 2008.
>> Yeah.
>> We're now close to a trillion.
Blackstone more. KKR a little less. This
is not good management or not solely
good management. This is a this is a
function of structural change in our
marketplace and that structural change
is continuing and the reward for good
work is actually more work. In our case,
it's managing more money. Um and I think
that is where we're heading. I think
this will be a shakeout. I don't think
it is going to be short-term. I think
the 30% overhang of geopolitics,
inflation, technological change is now
here. Mhm.
>> It was foreseeable. Not maybe exactly
how it occurred, but it was foreseeable.
It was predictable. And all you can do
is have been a good underwriter, a good
risk manager, have done a small number
of stupid things. And by the way, we've
lived in an environment of tight spread.
If you were a good risk manager, you are
going to make more money this year and
next year if it continues than you ever
have before because you've been risk
off. And so that's the that's always the
bifurcation of minds. First you want to
play defense and make sure in fact
you've done what you think you have done
which is manage good risk and then you
want to play offense.
>> Do you think though you're going to end
up with mega mergers in this bit? I mean
that's what's that's what happened in
banks at some point.
>> I I don't think so because I think that
we are limited
by two other factors. I think our
business is not at the will not in the
long term be limited by capital raising.
>> It will be limited by our capacity to
find good investments and by culture. So
unlike a public asset manager who can
buy anything any day, we can only grow
as fast as we can originate good risk.
>> That was Polo CEO speaking to our
editor-inchief in New York. But let's
turn our attention back to what is the
the carnage essentially we're seeing on
Korean markets in the session today
because this is actually setting us up
for the biggest 2-day crash going all
the way back to the financial crisis. So
we are in a trading halt that's in
effect for another several minutes. Uh
but we are certainly seeing really the
resilience of this this B being put to
the test. So we'll get more details on
why we're seeing the extent of this
selling some gainers there as well. You
can see more ahead.
Your global macro mover is looking like
this here right now. Uh it is looking
like a sea a red one across Asian
equities here this morning. We are
extending that loss and saw for a third
straight day. We talked about that
circuit breaker that was triggered for
the Cosby as well as the Casd. So we are
in the middle of a 20minute trading halt
here right now after we saw those 8%
losses there. Uh we basically have seen
the panic really sweeping across the
soul there and the biggest two-day crash
since 2008. We basically entered into a
technical correction in just a matter of
few days. So there you go. It is some of
those sort of AI beneficiaries that have
been more vulnerable here and you are
seeing the likes of Samsung SKH really
kind of dragging down uh Korea. A lot of
questions Bell on what this means.
Obviously the US dollar coming back in a
big way might be impacting the whole EM
story overall and you got to wonder
right is this going to be the turning
point for markets like the Cosby or just
are we just taking a breather before the
next leg higher? Yeah. Well, we were
speaking with Leantin too, for instance,
who leads our Asia equities coverage and
she was saying some of the people
they're speaking with are talking about
this is a real buying opportunity
because you think about the Cosby. The
strength of the Cosby this year has been
very much predicated on on the AI trade
extending and this is of course the
company at the heart of it. It's the
company or the B rather at the heart of
the memory chip crunch as well. But
you're seeing the likes of Samsung, SKH
Highix uh really in the red in the
session so far today. Of course, you can
see there's really a lot of different
statistically outsized moves across the
screen. You're seeing that in equities,
but you're seeing it in bonds as well.
We have been watching treasuries, of
course, the move there as traders
reassess their their thoughts on where
the Fed heads next. But again, just
diving further into what's happening in
the Korea market. As we said, it is the
chip names and and the question around
exactly how where we go from here. Are
we setting up for another leg higher or
is this sort of a a a turning point of
of what's to come?
>> It's interesting, right? Foreign
investors for the past week have already
been selling a record amount of Korean
stocks. So, you know, what is the
playbook right now, right? Are are the
winners now the losers? Uh, as we face
more uncertainty when it comes to the
Iran situation here, obviously, when you
talk about the EM complex, it's not just
the dollar strength. A lot of these EM
nations are also oil importers as well.
So you know as they try to secure
alternatives or supplies of energy that
certainly is going to be a key question
on how you know economies like Korea are
going to deal with this sort of
situation and uh the supply shortages
and what could come disruptions of the
like. So that that certainly is going to
be a key thing to watch here. Um then
there is the Fed discussion right when
you have the likes of Neil Qashqari
speaking at our own our Bloomberg Invest
event and saying you know he's also
uncertain just you know how easily the
Fed can actually cut rates this year
right you're starting to see the market
repric around you know bond markets
which continue to sell off here as well
and and and really you know is this mean
a delay in cuts does it mean a prolonged
pause or does it even mean the
possibility of putting rate hikes back
on the table if this situation
continues? Yeah, I mean from that
commentary he was saying inflation
actually was going in the right
direction before the recent events, but
we just still don't understand of course
yet ho how how longasting this conflict
will be. We've heard lots of lines from
President Trump. He's talking about US
security for ships passing through the
straight of Hormuz. Of course, the
production output as well looks very
different today than it has in recent in
recent past. You've got China's oil or
energy uh capabilities that are a lot
more diversified. essentially there's a
lot more different levers that they can
put pull on and the US as well a of
course an a producer a much bigger
producer than it has been in years past
but yeah I think what adds to the
complexity is that a lot of these AI
companies do need cheap energy to kind
of fund their growth ambitions when it
comes to AI so you is there some sort of
growth impact that could happen uh as
well not just an inflationary one you
throw up that board too on EMFX right we
saw what happened with the wand was that
a harbinger of what we're seeing of of
AM EMFX here in this part of the world
getting really shellacked in some ways,
right? Um the biggest plunge or at least
we're back to those levels that we saw
in 2009 for the Korean Juan. You're
seeing that with the Taiwan dollar.
You've seen that with even remmen B now
back above 690. So, you know, how
important is this sort of dollar move in
the last few days and really where is
that demand coming from here? The safe
haven flows haven't been going to the
yen. They've been going into the dollar
if anything. And so, you know, we've
been a horrible week when it comes to
just emerging market currencies of late.
Uh, certainly there's going to be a lot
of questions about what this means for
commodity markets, right? That dollar
strength, does that in some way hurt
commodities. So far, not quite, right?
When you take a look how oil prices are
going, you take how gold, you know, gold
actually did sell off just a bit
yesterday, um, given the dollar
strength, but, you know, you have the
likes of George uh, Estapo from Fidelity
talking about, look, the long-term
prospects of gold are still there. They
sold during the crash but just before
the crash their gold holdings but they
have been accumulating more as a dip
buying sort of opportunity.
>> Yeah. And just sort of thinking more
about the dollar again and safe haven is
generally I do think it really is
putting those those question marks over
that dollar debasement trade to rest for
now.
>> For now. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Because it's it's very much that
Kingd Dollar story and and is what has
been really reigning supreme here. But
let's get more on this now and bring in
our M live strategist Mark Cranfield in
Singapore for us this morning. So Mark,
of course, it's it's really Korea
bearing the brunt of of the pressure
today, but but why are we seeing the
extent of the selling in that market in
particular and and what is it reflecting
to you?
>> Uh we're entering a a phase now where
especially for cross asset traders, it's
really just a a question of trying to to
liquidate what you can where there's
still maybe some some profits left in
the in the trade. So everything here is
vulnerable which has had a really good
rung over the past few weeks or months.
So obviously Korean equities have been
outstanding for the past few weeks. So
there's certainly going to be a lot of
positions built up there and we start to
saw gold began to crack last night. It's
doing okay today but you can see it was
a pretty decent sell off overnight. So
again that was people reducing positions
there. It's interesting you talk about
the US dollar because clearly coming
into this period um people were mostly
underweight the dollar. There have been
a lot of selling um a lot of positioning
of traders being short the US dollar. So
they have to reverse that pretty fast.
And if you look across the currency
space, one that's potentially vulnerable
here is the Australian dollar. That's
had a great run over the past several
weeks. It hasn't really shown any big
cracks yet, but clearly if if this
starts to spread where it just becomes a
liquidation mode where people just
really trying to cash in anything they
possibly can, then Korean stocks is just
one. There's going to be several other
assets which are going to come into play
here. Um, and even you see it to some
extent in the Treasury market because
people came into this week actually
pretty bullish on treasuries. They're
expecting the Federal Reserve to lower
interest rates more. they weren't
expecting a big spike in oil prices and
now people are getting pretty defensive
on that market as well. So it's it's all
being exaggerated because a lot of
positioning as we came into this week
was just simply the wrong way around.
>> Uh Ruth Carson was talking about the
clear big mover and winner is the
dollar. How sustainable are these moves?
work.
>> Um, as long as you have a a crisis um,
building out the way it is, um, people
will obviously gravitate towards the
most liquid currency in the world, which
is still the US dollar. It's got a lot
of flaws. It's by no means a perfect
asset by any means. And yet, it is the
most used currency in the world. Um, it
comes into play for for most asset
classes. A lot of things are priced in
US dollars, whether it's commodities or
um bonds or all kinds of things are are
using the US dollar. People are very
comfortable with the fact that they can
carry it anywhere in the world and get
transactions done using that currency.
So, for the time being, there's no
better alternative. It might not be
everyone's favorite, but in a time of
crisis, people want the US dollar
because it has a track record of
performing. If you look back at the
global financial crisis, the US dollar
was the best performing currency at that
time. And there's a lot of question
marks about others. Or you look at the
yen or the Swiss Frank, which in the
past have been havens, they're just not
doing their job very well. So people are
just gravitating back towards the
dollar.
>> At the same time, there's a there's a
story that's very well read this morning
on the terminal, which is Goldman
Sachs's David Solomon says he's being
very surprised by by the benign reaction
that we're seeing in markets. what he
considers to be benign reaction in
financial markets to the conflict. Do
you see that as well that that a sense
of complacency at all? Of course, it's
sort of bit jarring when you think about
how Asian equities are trading today.
>> Yeah, I I guess he doesn't have a live
feed of Korean stocks. I mean, maybe you
should take a look at the Cosby. That's
it doesn't it doesn't look very benign
to me the reaction or even the even the
jumps in the oil market. Um the rapid
reversal in bond markets as well. Um I
think it's a little bit of I think
tractors are taking that with a large
pinch of salt. It doesn't it doesn't
look very benign. Maybe there's
something he's looking at that um I just
can't see. But to me there is anything
but u a benign reaction. Doesn't mean to
say it can't go further. I mean we if
this conflict in the Middle East lasts
let's say you know worst case scenario
it lasts for a few months then certainly
financial markets could get into a much
worse situation than we're we're seeing
now. um if if it all peters out in a few
days, of course it um then markets can
can start to recover. But for the time
being, um there's already some very
strong reactions and we're only in the
first week of the conflict. So it it
certainly has the chance to get even
worse than it is now.
>> Uh I can't imagine, Mark, uh what else
is on your radar here? What are some of
the next sort of pressure points to
watch out for?
Well, the one of the interesting things
is we're in the first trading week of of
the month, which um is a bit it just
tells you that um we started the year
pretty well. January and February, if
you were in um most asset classes, it
would have been a pretty decent start.
And it shows that that people didn't
really trim positions too much going
into the end of February. So they're
starting the monthly with um relatively
big exposure to markets been jolted by
what's happening in the Middle East. So
when you consider that it's happening so
quickly in in just this first week of
the month, this could really get pretty
nasty. We could have all asset classes
are are in play here, whether it's
currencies, bonds, equities,
commodities, everything is shaking at
the same time. It's it's almost um a
situation of a a genuine financial
crisis. And yet uh we still haven't got
into the quarter end yet. That pressure
also will mount on people. Don't forget
Japanese um companies they it's the
quarter and the financial year end in
Japan that also has an impact on markets
as well. The yen has been relatively
stable to to some extent. But as we get
closer to the end of March, if markets
are still in this kind of unstable
situation, Japan really would have a big
role to play because people will have to
do some serious book squaring up for the
end of the Japanese year. So, we've got
a couple of weeks to go before that
problem hits, but but watch Japan this
re if you think it's bad now, things
could get really exciting towards the
end of the month if Japan is involved.
>> Mark, great to have you with us this
morning. That's our M live strategist
Mark Cranfield there. And of course, one
of the key marketers are watching it
today is the Cosby. We've actually just
had it coming back online. A resuming
trade after a circuit breaker has been
lifted. We are seeing it still uh under
pressure down 8% in the session so far
today but but putting us of course we've
seen that technical correction uh coming
into play as well stocks down more than
10% now since their high uh early this
year.
>> Yeah it's it we'll see how this plays
out now that things have opened up and
and the circuit breaker has been lifted
but but as as Mark just mentioned right
there could be still more pain to come.
This is still a market that is about 20
you know double digit gains for for this
year. So uh it is maybe a positioning
but it still might need a bit more of
washing out uh before things settle. uh
you take a look when it comes to some of
the winners though it is clearly some of
the energy plays uh when it comes to
defense stocks for example shipping so
there are still some pretty outsized
gains the likes of Korea petroleum
industries s oil for the likes are
seeing about 20% gains right now but
then again really over being
overshadowed by some of the selloff that
we're seeing when it comes to some of
the AI names and the rest of the Cosby
uh num names there as well another news
to tell you about here which normally
would be a big story for us on the China
show, but has been really in some ways
overpowered by all the stories that
we're seeing when it comes to Iran, the
selloff is the likes of New World. So,
seems to be some questions and issues
over this deal uh with Blackstone. So,
the talks with the property developer
have hit a roadblock according to our
sources uh because the Chang family is
reluctant to give up control. So,
Blackstone has proposed injecting about
a $2.5 billion into a special purpose
vehicle to become the largest
shareholder of New World. Um while the
Chang family would invest 1 billion to
one and a half billion but right now it
the stall talks do highlight the
challenge uh when it comes to some of
these global buyout firms facing in
securing control when it comes to very
much these sort of familyrun companies
in Asia uh with what we're hearing
reportedly that the Chang family
reluctant to see power. So that's the
latest there. New world shares are down
some 4%. We'll have more details coming
up. This is Wilberg.
All right, back to our breaking news in
the last couple minutes there. Bloomberg
sources are telling us that talks
between Blackstone and New World
Development have stalled with a
billionaire Chang family that controls a
Hong Kong property developer reluctant
to give up control. For the details,
let's bring in our Bloomberg Asia
Finance, Investing, and wealth managing
editor Lulu Chen. So, so why why this
roadblock? What do we know so far?
>> Yeah, a couple of sticking points. So,
people familiar have told Bloomberg News
that the talks between New World and
also Blackstone have stalled. A key
tension is the control over New World.
So the billionaire Chong family owns
about 45% stake in that property firm
and they effectively run the company.
Another key point is that the the rent
over 11 skies, that fancy mall near the
airport that visitors see when they come
into Hong Kong. So New World originally
was supposed to pay about 30% of its
grow gross revenue. If you tally up the
figures, that's about 1.8 billion Hong
Kong dollars a year. So that rent is
still uh there that they're supposed to
pay to the Hong Kong government starting
2028 and they not have not manage to
unwind that agreement. Um the uh
original proposal was that uh Black
Blackstone would inject about $2.5
billion into an SVP and become the
largest shareholder and the Chong family
would inject 1 1 billion to 1.5 billion.
So what does this mean for for the
challenges that sort of speaking bigger
picture here but but that face global
buyout firms that are maybe looking to
to enter into to assets in this city and
as well what are the options that the
Chang family has from here?
>> Well, New World managed a refinance of
11 billion last year, but they're not
out of the woods. Longer term, they
still need a solution, which is why
they're talking to other investors as
well. um bigger picture. It is a setback
for global buyout firms looking to
venture into this space that is so far
pretty much predominantly controlled by
billionaire families, Hong Kong
families. And one of the key things for
these families has always been the
control over their prized assets.
>> Yeah. Uh you know, for any buyout firm
that wants to come and and rescue the
property market that they're going to be
hitting some roadblocks here. Um what
else do we need to look out for for New
World moving forward here now?
>> Um well their um their debt issue is
still there uh in their earnings last
week. They reported significant losses.
Netgearing ratio is still at 90% uh
according to BI analysts. So that's
significantly higher than other property
developers. So these are all issues that
they need to deal with longer term down
the road.
>> All right, Lulu, thank you. Lu Chand
there, our Bloomberg Asia finance,
investing and wealth management editor.
Yeah, let's also get some other world
news that we're tracking this morning
because Pakistan says it's in no hurry
to end its military operation in
Afghanistan. A senior Pakistani security
official says the duration of the
operation depends on actions on the
ground by Afghanistan's Taliban
government in rooting out militant
groups. Dozens of people have been
killed. That's after the Taliban
launched retaliatory attacks last week
against Pakistan's air strikes on
militant targets.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wongi says or
is calling on Israel rather to pursue an
immediate ceasefire in Iran. He spoke
with his Israeli counterpart on Tuesday
and said Beijing will play a
constructive role in easing regional
tensions. Wong also urged Israel to take
steps to ensure the safety of Chinese
citizens and entities.
All right. Uh we're still grappling with
uh quite a bit of massive selloff here
across Asia. In the meantime, we're
still dealing with a lot of disruptions.
Uh if you've been traveling, obviously
I'm I'm guessing you've been feeling
some of these as well. Airlines around
the world are suspending more flights to
additional destinations across the
Middle East as the scope of the war
expands. Now, Cathy Pacific has now
canceled flights to to and from Dubai
and Riyad until March 14th. So, another
10 days or so. Let's get to our Daniel
Lee, Asia a aviation and transport
reporter. And it's not just Cath, we're
hearing much more.
>> Yeah, we're hearing scores of airlines
who are pushing back flights. Cath is
one of the the airlines that push back
flights the longest based on their own
risk assessment of the situation in the
region. We've got the likes of Fin Air
in Europe who are pushing back flights
to the end of the month. But all of this
adds up to a total of cancellations now,
which has topped more than 12,000 uh
flights being axed overall so far since
this war has started. So there's pretty
widespread disruption and at least for
now the flights uh you know with
airspace closed uh priority is really
being given to people to be given get
out of the region and we have seen over
the recent days the likes of Emirates
and and and Etihad airlines you know
starting resuming some flights to get
people out. So uh there is still a broad
effort by the airline industry to to get
people out not get people to transit and
whatnot. So, uh, yeah, in the next few
days, we'll see how things fare, but,
uh, clearly for now, uh, there's a a
pretty broad disruption overall.
>> And the Middle East is such a big
transit hub as well, uh, particularly
for people traveling from this part of
the world, Australia to Europe in
particular as well. So, how did the
airlines in this region then are they
are they capitalizing on this? I'm
thinking of, of course, Cafe A,
Singapore Airlines as well, but others.
Yeah, you do see the the Asian airlines
in prime position to take advantage uh
whether it be just because of the the
the way in which they have similar
business models to uh the Gulf carriers
and the Gulf carriers know you know
operate around 10% of international
capacity which has just been taken out
at a stroke. So, and then you do see the
Asian airlines uh primarily benefiting,
but you know, it's all soft and it's all
little comfort when you see oil prices,
you know, jumping uh and so everyone's
eating higher costs at the moment.
>> All right, Danny, thanks very much for
joining us. That was our Asia Aviation
and Transport reporter Danny Lee there.
And subscribers can get more on the Iran
conflict. That's in today's big take.
Looking again at the energy story about
how the Iran war oil oil shock is
threatening to unleash a wave of global
inflation. For terminal subscribers, the
the function is NI big take. It's also
available on bloomberg.com.
All right, we're checking markets here
right now. We are continuing to see uh
pretty big moves here when it comes to
Cosby after returning from that circuit
breaker that was triggered in that
trading halt. uh we have come off I have
to say some of the initial sort of
losses here but we're still talking
about 7% downside here when it comes to
the costby as well as the cause stack
here today Hong Kong and China looking
relatively speaking a bit better hang
lower by about 450 points we got plenty
more to come this is Bloomberg
um we've been trying not to call it
panic um but I think in Korea you could
say in some ways there is a bit of panic
selling here right now after you talk
about the biggest two-day losses we're
talking about uh since 2008 uh it has
entered into a technical correction And
we've come back from that trading halt.
Uh still seeing some pretty pronounced
moves to the downside here. So uh it
does seem like it's a bit like fall
catching a falling knife here this
morning when it comes to Asian equities.
A lot of it has to do with of course the
dollar story given how much it has come
back in the last two days as well. Uh
then again there's still a lot of
uncertainty about really how long these
you know we talked about airline
disruptions, talk about oil and supply
disruptions and the like. So still uh I
think investors are still looking at
right now that knee-jerk reaction is of
course to to sell before you actually
buy on these dips.
>> Yeah. And you can see that there's that
that it's the tech heavy story and you
you take a look at those other very tech
heavy benchmarks. You got Taiwan for
instance, Japan. I mean it's it's very
broad-based selling that we're seeing
but still you've got those North Asian
markets that are really taking the
losses. Uh it is as you said that dollar
story and it's certainly been a very bad
start to the week for EMFX and we've
been talking about the dollar that's
just been on a a gain over the past few
sessions but traders really moving back
into that. It's it's it's taking its
position as the safe haven trade.
>> Yeah. And you're seeing quite a bit of
weakness when it comes to uh the rem 692
levels. Korean one is coming back but we
saw quite a bit of a plunge yesterday.
So it really is more of a catchdown
story for the rest of EMFX and what
they're seeing uh with the wand. Taiwan
dollar is above 31 here right now. Thai
bot is also weakening uh to that 31
level as well. So uh we'll see of course
how US markets and Euro markets but
India markets could be quite vulnerable
as well just given of course their
dependency when it comes to the oil side
of things.